ERC-20 transfers using P<>K Bridge (#6743)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-guides-DOT-KSM-bridge.md

## Transfer of arbitrary assets between Polkadot Asset Hub and Kusama Asset Hub

> There are several requirements for an arbitrary token to be transferable between Asset Hubs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several requirements for an arbitrary token to be transferable between Polkadot and Kusama Asset Hub:
```

- The asset must already be registered on each Asset Hub.
- The destination account should exist on the destination chain (and hold a sufficient asset).
- The asset transferred needs to be larger than the minimum balance specified by the asset.
- The fee asset transferred needs to be larger than the minimum balance specified by the asset. For example, if DOT is

> used as fee asset from Polkadot Asset Hub to Kusama Asset Hub, the excess DOT will be deposited on Kusama Asset Hub.

Reviewer: Where will it be deposited exactly? Back to the sender's account?

Author: Added a clarification here: https://github.com/w3f/polkadot-wiki/pull/6743/commits/7fb77961c67bdceeaa77a5b9d6a5e231ad025841

Reviewer 2: add last few comments

However, if the DOT is less that the minimum balance of DOT on Kusama Asset Hub, the transfer might fail.

> - The destination account should hold less assets that the maximum amount of assets held setting.

Reviewer 2: Can you specify more about what this means?

## Transfer of arbitrary assets between Polkadot Asset Hub and Kusama Asset Hub

There are several requirements for an arbitrary token to be transferable between Polkadot and Kusama Asset Hub:

- The asset must already be registered on each Asset Hub.
- The destination account should exist on the destination chain (and hold a sufficient asset).
- The asset transferred needs to be larger than the minimum balance specified by the asset.
- The fee asset transferred needs to be larger than the minimum balance specified by the asset. For example, if DOT is
used as fee asset from Polkadot Asset Hub to Kusama Asset Hub, the excess DOT will be deposited to the beneficiary
on Kusama Asset Hub. However, if the DOT is less that the minimum balance of DOT on Kusama Asset Hub, the transfer 

> might fail.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
will fail.
```

Reviewer 2: to be checked?

> - The destination account must hold fewer assets than the maximum number of assets allowed per account.

Reviewer 2: Is there a maximum number of assets allowed?
